my hair used to be super curly and
unmanageable I'd spend tons of hours
processing it at the salon adding a perm
straightening it whenever I could do
just to get my hair as straight as
possible I wanted to look like an Asian
woman but I looked more like Bill Cosby
my life was difficult it was terrible
I couldn't get jobs I got pulled around
at stores when I went shopping I
couldn't even put my hair in a ponytail
when I wanted to go out for a daily jog
but you know the last straw
when my husband Leon left me for a white
woman that's when I discovered the cool
way flat iron system the cool way flat
iron system has revolutionary technology
but has Auto sense and what allows you
introducing the cool way flat iron
system get beautiful shiny smooth hair
get longer-lasting styling results than
ever before scientifically proven to
strengthen hair the cool way Flatiron
system gives you professional results
with half the heat and no damage there
is no need for guessing your styling
temperature autoscent technology measure
the moisture levels in your hair and
finds your optimal styling temperature
automatically
let's see how it works first shampoo
hair as you normally would
instead of conditioner apply a generous
amount of cool way boost and let sit for
four minutes if you're black like I am
you'll want to wait five minutes
next rinse out boost and towel dry apply
fifteen to twenty-five sprays of
transform to damp hair then blow-dry
hair in layers plug in cool white
Flatiron and wait until the auto since
words flash on the digital screen
section off a one inch strand of hair
and glide the hair through the blades
three times to allow the auto since
technology to detect your optimal silent
temperature you're all set just use the
cool way to achieve long-lasting styling
result now I don't have to be afraid
anymore
I can put my hair in a ponytail like
everybody else at school
now I can run again think cool way
now I'm getting interviewed for all
sorts of jobs I don't have one just yet
what I'm getting interviewed thanks go
away
now instead of expecting me to shove
these nuts down my pants
store owners expect me to come to the
front and pay for them thanks cool away
now I can get a man I can date the
Mexican built my house because I can
pass for Mexican now thanks cool wait
don't forget to use the product discount
code cool 20 you'll get 10% off
brought to you by Paris in cyberspace
since I don't have a computer yet